Shatter glass clip paths ---------
clip-path: polygon(40% 0, 25% 100%, 78% 68%) // Top left
clip-path: polygon(16% 0, 100% 13%, 57% 71%) // Top Right
clip-path: polygon(89% 100%, 100% 13%, 44% 93%) // Bottom right


Speculum vitreum - A glass mirror

Vitrum a speculo - glass from the mirror

Vitrum speculis - glass that mirrors

The mirrored glass is the view we need to live our lives with.
The mirror allows us to see ourselves, never forgetting to think
about us and our place in the world. But the translucency of the
glass allows us to see others as well. Our thoughts should consider
both ourselves and those around us

And we can take steps closer or farther away to find the perfect distance
from the mirror, such that our reflection fits where we want to be in our
life and who we want to be surrounded by. And when I found the spot that I
like, I swap places with my reflection. I find myself where I want to be,
surrounded by those I want to be surrounded by, and I look back to my old
new reflection, and I see it smile. I see... Me smile


As lyle sat in his lonely room, he traded his thoughts with the fireplace
The hungry flame threw licks into the air, crackles filling the empty space
Then out the window he heard a song, a lullaby of melancholic delight
His curiosity beckoned him to the glass, but was not answered by his sight
An empty street akin to his room, populated only by his windows reflection
But the song cared not and continued on, coming from an untold direction
Called to adventure by the bodiless tune, his loneliness waited for his inevitable return
He followed it out into the street, that haunting jingle in his mind did burn
Sound did lead him far from home, that civilization became a distant memory


The ballroom empty from wall to wall, but filled with life from his delicate dance
the strings of the bass and keys of the piano serenaded his one-sided romance

He follows the tune into a forest. In the forest he sees a door and enters. It brings him to ball room where he dances eloquently.
He realizes that he is still in his room, and that it was all in his imagination. But an adventure nonetheless. Having fond memories of something that never even happened



Lachrymose

A crash of swords to begin our story
Riddled with death but not that gorey
The man who fought was pure of heart
Against the foe who'd tear him apart
Clash clang shing, ting tang thud
The pure man feel to the mud
His foe had won unfortunately
But the man was good, how could this be?

"Any last words?" his fatigued foe said
"Before I make that mud your bed."
The pure man thought about his life
He thought about his kids and wife
"Not to you..." He said and spit
With stroke of sword his soul did split
The man then watched his limp body lay
And surveyed the place that it would stay
grey and grim, and dark and dank
even without his nose it stank
"Fear not my child," spoke from behind
He turned to see a spirit kind
"I'm here to guide you on your way"
It spoke in whispers and dressed in gray
"Before you pass, Theres much to show
To bring you peace, you must know"

The dark and dank disappeared from sight
Replaced instead by blinding light
That faded slowly to paint the scene
Of his daughter, but still a teen
Playing in the weeds and grass
A bittersweet memory of times gone past



You've seen what you reaped, now I'll show what you sowed


Hoping that its not what its on the inside that matters
Because it feels like all they'll find is rubble and tatters
Everyone thinks they're living their own fairy tale
But maybe I'm figuring out now that my life is a tragedy

So there was the man who had gone to Purdue



One time
1 second - of pause as I weigh a five minute melancholy to a lifetime of love that a question might bear
1 minute - before I dine with the elegant answer to my years of ponderance
1 hour - of anticipation before your parents decide whether I'm friend or foe
1 day - of perusing gentle jewelry to match your eyes from down on your hand
1 week -
1 month -
1 year -
1 decade -
1 lifetime -
